Thanks.
What I hate most is unscrupulous people
What do you mean sir
Do you want me to pick it out?
So many people around me have to bump into me
Isn't it just to get my attention?
Sir, if you are sick, go to treatment
That woman just now
I always feel like I've seen her somewhere
Forget it, it should be an illusion
You two stop for me
Three treasures and four treasures
Why didn't you just stay home and run out?
Mommy, don't be angry, it's all mine.
Don't blame the third brother
It's all because I miss my mommy so much
Mommy is not angry
Mommy is worried about you
You still sneak out like thieves?
What if you get hurt?
And what are you wearing?
Mommy
Papa
Dad is better than you
Don't you want to eat? Pick up the car